README.md, before:

## Digital Summit Landing Page - Capstone 1



### Built With
- HTML 
- CSS
- JavaScript




### Live Demo 
You can check the program live via:

[Live Demo](https://brytelitty.github.io/first-capstone/)

### Getting Started 
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps:

#### Prerequisites
- Code Editor(VS Studio Code)
- Web Browser (Google Chrome recommended)
- Linters (Webhint, Stylint and Eslint)

### How to Run
To run the project do the following:
- Clone the repository into a folder
- Open the folder with your code editor
- Install Live Server Extension on VS Code
- Open the index.html file 
- Right click anywhre in the HTML file and select "Open With Live Server"
- Wait for a new tab to open
- Voila! You're project is Live. You can procceed to make changes to the files

**NB**: To ensure that your code follows best practices and industry standard rules, please make use of [linters](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/tree/master/html-css-js)

##### Author
- Github: [@BryteLitty](https://github.com/Bryte)
- Twitter: [@bryteLitty](https://twitter.come/BryteLitty)
- LinkedIn: [Bright Kportiklah](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bright-kportiklah-05512418a/)

### Contributing

### Contributing
🤝 Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

### Show me love
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Acknowledgments


### Credits


### 📝 License

- This project is [MIT](https://github.com/BryteLitty/hello-microverse/blob/add-javascript-file/LICENSE) lincensed.

Commit message:

add books dynamically with javascript

README.md, after:

## Awesome Books App
A simple app that add books to a page dynamically

### Built With
- HTML 
- JavaScript


### Getting Started 
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps:

#### Prerequisites
- Code Editor(VS Studio Code)
- Web Browser (Google Chrome recommended)
- Linters (Webhint, Stylint and Eslint)

### How to Run
To run the project do the following:
- Clone the repository into a folder
- Open the folder with your code editor
- Install Live Server Extension on VS Code
- Open the index.html file 
- Right click anywhre in the HTML file and select "Open With Live Server"
- Wait for a new tab to open
- Voila! You're project is Live. You can procceed to make changes to the files

**NB**: To ensure that your code follows best practices and industry standard rules, please make use of [linters](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config/tree/master/html-css-js)

##### Author
- Github: [@BryteLitty](https://github.com/Bryte)
- Twitter: [@bryteLitty](https://twitter.come/BryteLitty)
- LinkedIn: [Bright Kportiklah](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bright-kportiklah-05512418a/)

### Contributing
🤝 Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

### Show me love
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!



### 📝 License

- This project is [MIT](https://github.com/BryteLitty/hello-microverse/blob/add-javascript-file/LICENSE) lincensed.
